So there's two things that are part
of WCAG that are very interesting.
Things that you might not
think are part of WCAG.
And almost, sort of go against what I said
at the beginning about related fields that
are non-accessibility.
So WCAG does specify that you need to
identify the language of the page.
So I don't know how many people do this,
but like your HTML tag at the beginning,
your website actually
takes a length property.
This will flag in a lighthouse audit,
but it's something I see
people not do all the time.
So setting that is required
to have full conformance.
And then if you have any subsections
that deviate from that language,
setting those manually as well.
So like examples here.
If you have a blockquote in Spanish,
you can do it that way.
Yeah, so that one's usually pretty easy
to just go add the default language.
And then if you use some kind
of internationalization library,
as that gets passed down to the frontend
you can just update the HTML tag to be
whatever the current language is.
The other one that seems like
it shouldn't be, but it is,
is validation and
parsing errors in your markup.
So we're talking about semantic HTML,
but this is actually talking about any
kind of significant, like parsing
unclosed tags or malformed tags.
Or tags that aren't allowed
to nest that you have nested,
anything like that is actually
part of this as well.
I do this sometimes in my
performance classes, but
the W3 has a validator that's really nice.
So you can go to validator.w3.org.
And you have multiple different
ways you can put in a web address,
if your site's already on production.
You can upload a file like an HTML file,
or you can just paste some code.
So you could just like, for an example,
I could go grab a big HTML file like
this one, copy it, paste it in here and
check it like that.
And so this will go ahead and it'll
tell me no errors or warnings to show.
But I think, for example,
if I did, I don't know like an h7,
maybe or if I spelled paragraph wrong or
something like that.
If you had some like markup issues,
they would go ahead and return and say,
hey, h7 is not a real element.
I don't know for those that know, but
that only goes to h6 in the headings,
that's why I use this.
Pa is not a child element,
these kind of things.
So, yeah, they're kind of interesting that
they're part of WCAG cuz they don't seem
like they would be.
But it's worth calling out making
sure that you have your language set.
And making sure that your HTML
is free from those errors.
So before we move into the preferences,
do we have any questions
on kind of this stuff?
So all the stuff that we've covered so
far in this section?
Are there any good accessibility
boilerplates like normalizer?
I don't think there are.
I know, so, for an example,
if you're using HTML 5 boilerplate,
I know that they are very involved
in the accessibility community.
So they would just be a good one to use.
But I think moving forward, and Bootstrap,
also very big in the community.
But I do think moving forward
they're finding either a linter or
an automated tool, like lighthouse
is gonna be kind of required.
It's a really good question.
But yeah, I can't think of anything that.
And it's tricky too cuz the boiler plates
are gonna provide just the basic elements.
So hopefully they'll have the language
set, they'll have a doc type,
they won't have any errors.
But as soon as you start
adding your own tags,
right, we'll need something like
it suits you on your own image.
We'll need something to verify out.
So, that's a very good question.